# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

__Meeting Date/Time:__ 10/19, 10:30am <br>
__Meeting Purpose:__ Discussing our future, Talking with Peggy <br>
__Meeting Location:__ Edge Project Room 6 <br>
__Note Taker:__ Dorian Barber


## Attendees

People who attended:
 - Dorian
 - Gabe


## Agenda Items

| Item | Description |
|:----|:----|
|Agenda Item 1 | - Material UI Spike|
|Agenda Item 2 | - Up to speed on progress|
|Agenda Item 3 | - Gabe cannot run the project |


## Discussion Items

| Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Progress | Gabe/Dorian | - Airtable mock database completed <br> - Backend API for Airtable is complete <br>  - Beginning to integrate Material UI into project |
| CI/CD | Gabe/Dorian | - Release Management Plan <br> - 'Pipeline' has failed issue on git commit, does this have to do with the ci/cd file? unclear <br> - Ask Duvall  |
| Peggy | Gabe/Dorian | - Ask about how the hospital is doing <br>- Asking about the Airtable <br> - Show her the progress <br> - Help contacting Dr. Schorling <br> - Ask hosting on a server in Honduras |
| Testing | Gabe/Dorian | |



## Other Notes and Information

Peggy's Conversation:
* Receiving Airtable Database screenshot!
* Peggy will help us contact Dr. Schorling
* November 3rd Peggy will be leaving for a conference,
* Next week 11:30 ish is okay, push the room reservation back to contain 12:00-12:30
