# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

__Meeting Date/Time:__ 10/26, 10:30am <br>
__Meeting Purpose:__ Merge, Sprint 4 Issues, Peggy <br>
__Meeting Location:__ Edge Project Room 5 <br>
__Note Taker:__ Dorian <br>


## Attendees

People who attended:
 - Dorian
 - Gabe
 - Tevin

## Agenda Items

| Item | Description |
|:----|:----|
|Sprint 4 Issues | - What is going on this sprint <br> - What story points are we going to distribute|
|Merge | - Merging Files <br> - .gitIgnore node_modules to make things easier when merging|


## Discussion Items

| Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Sprint 4 | Everyone | __UI__ <br> -Tabs <br> -Theme <br> -Rerender DOM <br> __Twilio__ <br> -Create Node API <br> -Create a sandbox <br> -Testing on personal phones <br> -Gets and interprets status from Airtable <br> -Sends at a set time <br> __Airtable__ <br> -Build out mock to match the real airtable <br> -Async issue <br> -Pushing to the database (ie status updates, delete appointment, add appointment) <br> __Other__ <br> -Webposting <br> -Performance issue with bundle.js<br> |
|Peggy| Everyone + Peggy | - Next Friday is her last day in Roatan <br> - The friday after that Peggy will be in a conference <br> - Will be available later in the week (early of the next week) <br> - Dr. John HIPAA Issues |

## Action Items

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | item | who | due date |


## Other Notes and Information

N/A
